{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16060\viewh23320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs50 \cf2 iOS 12 APP ICON 
\f1\b0 1.0
\f0\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \
\
About This Resource
\f2\b0\fs30 \
This is an iOS App Icon Template that through Smart Objects automates the process of \
rendering all the sizes that need to be bundled with iOS 12 Apps.\
\

\f0\b\fs40 How do I use this?
\f2\b0\fs30 \
Double-click the 1024 x 1024 Smart Object named 
\f0\b 'Edit me and save'
\f2\b0 . This opens the Icon.psb file. Create your artwork in this canvas. After saving the Icon.psb, the multiple sizes in the main PSD file should automatically be rendered.\
\

\f0\b\fs40 Export Option 1: 
\f2\b0 Adobe Asset Generator\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 This template has been designed to use Photoshop\'92s built-in asset generator. To export all needed icon app icon files, go to 
\f0\b File > Generate > Image Assets
\f2\b0  and make sure 
\f0\b Image Assets
\f2\b0  is marked with a checkmark. The icons will automatically be saved out as .png files in a folder named 
\f0\b \'91iOS 12 App Icon [1.0]-assets > AppIcon.appiconset\'92
\f2\b0  which is located in the same folder as this file.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 Export Option 2: 
\f2\b0 Photoshop Actions\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 You can also export all needed app icon files using the Photoshop actions which are bundled in the same folder as the main PSD file. Install the actions by double-clicking the file named 
\f0\b \'91iOS 12 App Icon Export Actions [1.0].atn\'92
\f2\b0 . In the \'91Actions\'92 window in Photoshop, you can now use the actions to export either rounded or square versions of your app icon. The files will be saved in a folder on your desktop named 
\f0\b \'91iOS 12 App Icon Export\'92
\f2\b0 .\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 \shad\shadx0\shady50\shadr200\shado0 \shadc0 Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://applypixels.com"}}{\fldrslt applypixels.com}} for more design resources, freebies and articles.}